#summary SnowGestures is a simple Gesture recognizer.
#labels Featured

= SnowGestures =

This class makes it easier for developers to implement simple gestures. The class recognizes 4 different directions: Up, 
Down, Left and Right.

= How to implement =

First, ofcourse, initialise an instance of `SnowGesture`. Override the `boolean onTouchEvent(MotionEvent event)` of your Activity and have it call `SnowGesture.touchEvent(event)`, where event is the MotionEvent from the `onTouchEvent()`.
And to get the recognition to work you have two options:
 * Use a `SnowGesture.GestureListener` to register a gesture and it accompanying listener.
 * Use a `SnowGesture.GestureCompleteListener` to implement the recognition yourself.

== Gesture string ==

A gesture string consists of characters which indicate a direction: U for up, D for down, R for right and L for left. The gesture string should be in upper case, but the `registerGesture()` converts it to upper case in case you didn't already.
An example:
{{{
String gestureString = "LRU";
}}}
Means first go Left then Right and then Up.
In case the gesture string contains unknow direction characters, the `registerGesture()` will return false.

== implementation ==

This is a very simple (yet working :) ) example:
{{{
public class SnowGestureCreator extends Activity {
	private static final String TAG = "SnowGestureCreator";
	
    /** Called when the activity is first created. */
    @Override
    public void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);
        setContentView(R.layout.main);
        
        txtGesture = (EditText)findViewById(R.id.txtGesture);
        
        mGesture = new SnowGesture(true);
        mGesture.registerGestureCompleteListener(new SnowGesture.GestureCompleteListener() {
		@Override
		public void onGestureCompleted(String gesture) {
			// This will be invoked when the user makes a random gesture
			SnowGestureCreator.this.txtGesture.setText(gesture);
		}
        });
        
        mGesture.registerGesture("RLUL", new SnowGesture.GestureListener() {
		@Override
		public void onRecognized() {
			// This will be invoked when the user gestures
			// Right, Left, Up and Left
			SnowGestureCreator.this.txtGesture.setText("RLUL");
		}
        });
        
        mGesture.registerGesture("UDL", new SnowGesture.GestureListener() {
		@Override
		public void onRecognized() {
			// This will be invoked when the user gestures
			// Up, Down and Left
			SnowGestureCreator.this.txtGesture.setText("UDL");
		}
        });
    }    
    
    @Override
	public boolean onTouchEvent(MotionEvent event) {
        	mGesture.touchEvent(event);

		return super.onTouchEvent(event);
	}
    
    private EditText txtGesture;
    private SnowGesture mGesture;
}
}}}